feat(theme): theme prop is now available on each component (#13718)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/features/theme.md

</script>
```

> Most components support the **theme** prop. When used, a new context will be created for the specific component and all of its children. In the example below the button will be using the **dark** theme since it is placed inside the card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most components support the **theme** prop. When used, a new context is created for _that_ specific component and **all** of its children. In the following example, the [v-btn](/components/buttons/) uses the **dark** theme applied by its parent [v-card](/components/cards/).
```
